Resolve numerical instability in `chemical_potential` (#1726)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/1726.trivial.rst

> Change `~plasmapy.formulary.quantum.chemical_potential` to use the Broyden Fletcher Goldfarb Shanno algorithm to
> implicitly solve for beta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changed `~plasmapy.formulary.quantum.chemical_potential` to use the 
Broyden-Fletcher-Goldfarb-Shanno algorithm to implicitly solve for beta.
```

> Changed `~plasmapy.formulary.quantum.chemical_potential` to use the
> Broyden-Fletcher-Goldfarb-Shanno algorithm to implicitly solve for beta.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Changed `~plasmapy.formulary.quantum.chemical_potential` to use the
Broyden-Fletcher-Goldfarb-Shanno algorithm to implicitly solve for 
the β(\ :math:`= 1/(k_B T)`\ ) parameter.
```

Only so beta is not mistaken for the plasma beta, which would likely be common in this community.

Author: Whoops, that shouldn't say beta anyways. It should be the dimensionless chemical potential
